Free Access Software

Pad++ is distributed via the Internet as Free Access Software; that
is, Pad++ is available throughout the world, free of charge, via Unix
File Transfer Protocol (ftp). Although there is free access to Pad++,
it is not in the public domain.  The software is owned by the Pad++
Consortium, consisting of the University of New Mexico (UNM) and New
York University (NYU), and does carry a License and Copyright. All
users of the system must register with the Pad++ Consortium and agree
to abide by the Free Access License terms and conditions. Consult the
file "LicenseTerms" for additional information on use and distribution
rights.

The Free Access License allows you to use Pad++ at no cost. You can
obtain Pad++ free of charge via the Internet.  Even though you are
given free access to Pad++, Pad++ is not free or public domain
software. You must agree to the terms and conditions of the Pad++ Free
Access License and Pad++ Copyright explained in the file
"LicenseTerms."  Our goal is to share the the Pad++ System for
noncommercial use but maintain rights for the Pad++ Consortium for
possible future commercial applications.

As a Free Access Licensee, you have the right to use the Pad++ System
as long as it is not combined with any other product or service in any
way. You may modify the existing Pad++ System (derivative works) but
only for internal use. These derivative works, modifications, or
systems that require the Pad++ System may not be distributed outside
your organization until you negotiate a Distribution License with the
Pad++ Consortium. We do encourage you to share your modifications and
suggestions for modifications with the Pad++ Consortium. Any
modifications incorporated will continue to be shared as free access
software by the Pad++ Consortium.

As a Free Access Licensee, you have the right to distribute the Pad++
System using electronic media as long as you make no modifications to
it, you do not assign any price or value to the distribution, you do
not combine the distribution with any other product or service in
any way, and you distribute the same version of the Pad++ System that
is currently being distributed via the Internet by the Pad++
Consortium.
