ACCEPTANCE

Please read this license agreement before using Pad++. Do not use,
copy, or distribute this software until you have read and agreed to
the Terms and Conditions of this license agreement. This is a contract
with important legal consequences. You and your organization, as the
Licensee, agree to the Terms and Conditions of this agreement by
using, copying, or distributing this software.

REGISTRATION

You must register your license with the Pad++ Consortium. Register by
filling out the registration form in the file "Register" and send it
to the Pad++ Consortium by any of the methods listed on the form.

DEFINITIONS

"Pad++ Consortium" is the group of developers of the Pad++ System. The
Pad++ Consortium currently includes the University of New Mexico (UNM)
and New York University (NYU).

"Pad++ System" is defined to include C or C++ source code, object
code, executables, libraries, user interface specifications, and
documentation of Pad++, all of which are owned by the Pad++
Consortium. Pad++ also includes components that are not owned by the
Pad++ Consortium; these components are clearly marked and contain the
owner's notices.

"Loaded" is defined to mean combining object code to form an executable. 

RIGHT TO USE

As a Free Access Licensee, you have the right to use the Pad++ System
as long as it is not combined with any product or service in any
way. Use of the Pad++ System with commercially acquired software that
depends on the Pad++ System in any way requires the commercial
software supplier to have negotiated a Distribution License with the
Pad++ Consortium.

RIGHT TO REDISTRIBUTE

Permission to distribute the Pad++ System using electronic media and
at no cost is granted, provided that the software contains no
modifications, you do not assign any price or value to the
distribution, you do not combine the distribution of the Pad++
System with any other product or service in any way, and you
distribute the same version of the Pad++ System that is currently
being distributed via the Internet by the Pad++ Consortium.

DERIVATIVE WORKS

You may modify the existing Pad++ System, but only for internal
use. These derivative works or modifications may not be distributed
outside your organization. If you develop an independent application
involving extensions to the Pad++ System, you may use it
internally. If you want to distribute it, you must negotiate a
Distribution License with the Pad++ Consortium. Any software that is
loaded with the Pad++ System is bound by this license agreement.

LICENSEE AGREES

By distributing the Pad++ Software, the Licensee agrees to abide by
the copyright law and all other applicable laws of the U.S. and
foreign countries, including, but not limited to, export control laws,
and the terms of this license.

TERMINATION

The Pad++ Consortium shall have the right to terminate this license
immediately by written notice upon Licensee's breach of, or
non-compliance with, any of the terms of this license. Licensee may be
held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused
or encouraged by Licensee's failure to abide by the terms of this
license.

GOVERNMENT USE RIGHTS

Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the
Commercial Computer Restricted Rights clause of FAR 52.227-19 when
applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical
Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, and in
similar clauses in the NASA FAR Supplement. Any provision of Pad++
Software to the U.S. Government is with Limited Rights or as specified
in any contracts covering the development of this software.

ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND CONSORTIUM MEMBERSHIP

No additional rights or Pad++ Consortium membership are granted.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
Pad++ Consortium and Licensee and may be amended or changed only by
written agreement signed by both parties. This License Agreement is
governed by the laws of the State of New Mexico.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE
MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

QUESTIONS AND INFORMATION

If you have any questions concerning this license agreement, the
copyright, or trademarks, please contact the Pad++ Consortium via
electronic mail at pad-info@cs.unm.edu or via postal mail at The Pad++
Consortium, Computer Science Department, University of New Mexico,
Albuquerque, NM 87131.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE

"(c) Copyright 1993-1996 Pad++ Consortium {University of New Mexico (UNM)
and New York University (NYU)}, All Rights Reserved." Licensee can not 
remove or obscure any of the copyright or trademark notices in this software.
